the kind of leather pickaxe thwack it camouflage
learn the opposite of food we command
output
what is a weekend willow leaves have three zeros
up to hundreds of people none of them special
protein preparation nemo and here gathered
people of peaceful professions still in 4
claws at hands lasha sham zbroya
I am ready to bear you for Ukraine
important at a time on a rich man
mistress in mitosis floundering for rakhunok here
There are such gunner dedshot every home with
gift will be over yet work here bro
I think another pile of 10 does think
dressmaker - zinka volunteer man
not very thin Kalina Giovanni in eggs
Julia is successful men theoretical physicist
the maiden xii know all whom the drill for
it is not easy for Ali to tolerate
will require ready defense Ukraine
kozhna people at a time beer about the event
with two spins threatens and immediately mine
earned a rose the day you already will
and ready to go and higher
by force can become just as smooth
this is their excellent training, I mean
his need is metry
be wondered from the brow to the winds and vanya
free ski organizers and ask
volunteers come and have their
camouflage sure it in structure in frame
century signboard through the health camp now in
anti-terror operation zone by
record a program to triple by her
quarreled for light with raskom and dish
skin saturday everyone endowed will come
we start at one o'clock
occupy reached here costs to 7 odynets
preparation attack zagalna so easy
Is the corps dry and lan in reconnaissance
those classes are not up to jojo do not forget
trainers sell the animal a mat and
volunteer lists are not shared
but for those who want to drive us hit
was growing old about the Crimea in the cabin group
Joanna tears the windows taberna mushra
3000 of us hit already gone king ten
here ss volunteers or fight
Badan Tkachenko Channel 5